Friends, have you taken insurance for your favorite vehicle
from ICICI LB and
you have to renew it, that too online in a few
minutes, then you have come to the right place, so
friends, I have given a link in the description,
click there and open this website,
after opening the website, you
can see Renew on the right side,
click on it, after that click on Bike Policy,
here you get two options to renew the bike insurance, either
registration number or policy number,
so I will enter my policy
number here, if not policy number then
registration number you will
get it on your old insurance paper.  So
after entering the policy number, click on proceed.
So here you get two options.
Engine number or chassis number.  You will also find these
details in your old insurance papers.
So I will enter my insurance number and
click on renew policy.
So here you can see that I have to pay Rs
592 to renew the policy for 1 year.
So now you scroll down.
So check all your details here.  Are
all the details equal or not?
Your name, address.  After that scroll down.
After that click on Nominee Details.
So, here type the name of your nominee,
date of birth and what is your relation.
If the nominee is your wife or
husband, click on spouse and
click on save.  After that click on Proceed to Pay.
So, to make payment
here you get the option of UPI,
Credit, Debit Card, Net Banking,
Wallet.  So you do not have to pay any charges on UPI.
Rest you have to pay charges on this.  So
I will make the payment here through UPI.  So to
make payment through UPI, type your UPI
ID.  After that click on Verify and Pay.
After that
accept your payment on your UPI app.  So our
payment has been completed.  So to
download the policy, click on Download Policy.
So this is our policy
download.  So to save it, you
can see it above, click on it on the right side.
After that click on save.  Ok
friends, thanks for watching.  If you have
any query then comment.  Till then take
care.
Or